Update upgrade-aks-cluster.md (#122056)
Azure/azure-content: articles/aks/upgrade-aks-cluster.md

    ```azurecli-interactive
    # Set drain timeout for a new node pool
    az aks nodepool add -n mynodepool -g MyResourceGroup --cluster-name MyManagedCluster   --drain-timeout 100

    # Update drain timeout for an existing node pool

>     az aks nodepool update -n mynodepool -g MyResourceGroup --cluster-name MyManagedCluster --drain-timeout 45

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    az aks nodepool add --name mynodepool --resource-group myResourceGroup --cluster-name myManagedCluster --drain-timeout 100

    # Update drain timeout for an existing node pool
    az aks nodepool update --name mynodepool --resource-group myResourceGroup --cluster-name myManagedCluster --drain-timeout 45
```
